Documentation: Add notices about reporting security flaws (#15260)
crate/crate: SECURITY.rst

Security Policy
===============

Reporting a Vulnerability
-------------------------

If there are any vulnerabilities in CrateDB, don’t hesitate to *report them*.

> 1. Use the `private contact address <security@crate.io>`__, in order to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `private contact address <security@cratedb.com>`__, in order to
```
